Update documentation to 0.902 (#11)
Neogoma/stardust-SDK-doc: developer/2_1_custom_navigation_path.md

using com.Neogoma.Stardust.Navigation;
using System.Collections.Generic;

public class CustomPathRenderer : IPathRenderer
{
    public void ClearPath()
    {
        //Write what needs to be done here to clear the path
    }

    public void DisplayPath(List<IOctreeCoordinateObject> allNavigationsPoint)
    {
        //Write needs to be done here to display the path

>         //You can get the coordnate of each point via the function IOctreeCoordnateObject.GetCoordinates()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        //You can get the coordinate of each point via the function IOctreeCoordnateObject.GetCoordinates()
```

    }
}
```

You can customize the class as much as you want but you need to fill in both methods:
- ClearPath() is called when the path is recalculated and cleans the path view

> - DisplayPath(List<IOctreeCoordnateObject> allNavigationsPoint) is called when the path has been calculated and needs to be displayed. This is where you instanciate your prefabs or models for showing the path. Each ```IOctreeCoordinateObject``` represents a point and has a method ```Vector3 GetCoordinates()```to get the coordnates. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DisplayPath(List<IOctreeCoordnateObject> allNavigationsPoint) is called when the path has been calculated and needs to be displayed. This is where you instantiate your prefabs or models for showing the path. Each ```IOctreeCoordinateObject``` represents a point and has a method ```Vector3 GetCoordinates()```to get the coordinates. 
```
